.Program to check if given two strings are same or equal
2.Check
  a)Check if it is a file
  b)Check if it a directory
  e)Check if it a soft link or symbolic link
  f)Check it is having read permission
  g)Check if it having write permission
  h)Check if it is having execute permission
  i)if SUID enabled ?
  j)f sticky bit is enabled?
  k)if block special file?
  l)if Character special file
  m)if it is a named pipe special device file?
3)script to print various LVM based output 
--------------MENU------------
P.Print PVs
V.Print VGs 
L.Print LVs
B.Print Block Devices
OS.Print OS Version
E.Exit




















1.Write a script to compare two numbers (Read numbers from keyboad, using command line ie positional paramenters)
2.Implement the above for three numbers. (you may use logical operators for the same).
  Obtain three numbers from command line. Else read those from the keyboard
3.check the given user exist in the system. if yes, lock the user.
4.Create a user and set the passwod from the keyboard. Read user from commandline
5.Check if the given file exist in the system. If yes, print the contents of the file.
6.Find the given vg existing in the system. Read vgname from the command line.
7.read marks in 5 subjects and calculate its average useing bc command
8.Enter the upper limit to print Natural numbers
9.keep usernames in a file (one line per user) and read this file and create users. Set the password as Welcome@01
10.Create 20 logical volumes each of size 128M  and mount those as below. Add persistent entry in /etc/fstab for all the lvs. Make sure you have imagevg created and is having enough free space.
   /dev/imagevg/imagelvn  /imagesfsn
   where n is anumber 1..20
11.Impliment LVM operations 
list
   a)block devices
   b)volumegroup
   c)logical volumes
   d)filesystems
   e)memory usage
create
   a)volume group
   c)logical volume
   d)filesystems
   e)swap
delete
   a)filesystem
   b)logical volume
   c)deactive swap
   D)delete volumegroup
others
   a)mount a filesystem
   b)un mount a filesystem
   c)activate a swap
   d)deactivate a swap